
L I L R C

INTERLIBRARY LOAN MANUAL


January 1976


LONG ISLAND
LIBRARY
RESOURCES
COUNCIL Inc.

Box 31
Bellport, NY 11713




CONTENTS


1. Introduction                                                    2

2. Interlibrary loan policies and procedures                       3
     What may be borrowed
     Placing requests
     Form of request
     Verification
     Photocopying
     Expenses

3. Direct access to other libraries                                6
     Location service
     Research Loan Program

4. INS--How it works                                               7
     Billing
     Cancellations
     Delivery and pickup
     Microforms
     Photocopies of missing pages
     Recall
     Renewals
     Returns
     Status reports

5. Guide to the use of LILRC interlibrary loan request forms      10
     Instructions for completing serials request
     Instructions for completing book request

6. How to be a good borrower                                      15

7. How to be a good lender                                        15

8. Appendix
   A. Useful interlibrary loan manuals                            16
   B. Sample worksheet                                            17




Introduction


This manual has been prepared as a guide to the Information Network
Service, the interlibrary loan system of the Long Island Library
Resources Council (LILRC).

The manual contains a description of how the location and delivery
service works and the policy on which it is based, as well as standards
to which it is expected participating libraries will adhere.

Please do not hesitate to make suggestions and comments regarding this
manual and the interlibrary loan service to the Council office.

January 1976




INTERLIBRARY LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES


Our interlibrary loan program is based on the premise that lending
among libraries for the benefit of individuals in Nassau and Suffolk
counties is in the public interest and should be encouraged. It is
impossible for any one library to be self-sufficient, and interlibrary
borrowing and lending is regarded by the libraries participating in
this program as essential to library service.

It is the policy of the Council that the routines of borrowing and
lending are simplified as much as possible consistent with the
protection of material. Every effort is made to emphasize speed and to
base the service on a spirit of cooperation and trust among
participating libraries.

What follows comprise the procedures and standards that have developed
gradually and voluntarily in our area--this is what works for us.
Changes may be introduced as the need arises.


What may be borrowed

It is recognized that interlibrary borrowing does not relieve any
library of the responsibility for developing its own collection. Each
library should provide the bulk of materials needed by its users for
purposes of study, instruction, information and research.

The borrowing library should make every effort to exhaust its own
resources before turning to interlibrary loan. It should also screen
requests carefully before transmitting them to the Council, eliminating
those which common sense indicates would not be supplied.

The borrowing library is responsible for returning loans promptly and
in good condition. The borrowing library should respond quickly to
overdue notices and is responsible for paying fees for lost books as
levied by the lending library. The library should refuse to request
books on interlibrary loan on behalf of borrowers who abuse the
privilege.


Placing requests

Our network is part of an hierarchical system. Requests we cannot
locate in the region we send to the New York State Interlibrary Loan
Network (NYSILL) which searches the State Library in Albany and
selected referral libraries in the State. The key to the success of
NYSILL is that it is asked only for materials not available locally.
The network would break down if the major libraries were asked to
supply commonly held materials. Medically oriented requests not found
on Long Island are transmitted to the Regional Medical Library
interlibrary loan network in Brooklyn.

Public libraries submit their requests through their respective library
systems, which process the requests through LILRC, NYSILL, or other
channels.

All other libraries in the region should submit their requests to
LILRC. Most libraries prefer to have local requests handled centrally,
and decline to fill regional requests unless they have been transmitted
by the Council. In special circumstances, libraries may arrange to deal
directly with each other.


Form of requests

Borrowing libraries may find it helpful to develop worksheets (see
samples in Appendix B) to be used by the reader and the librarian in
preparing the interlibrary loan request, indicating all the items we
need to know.

Requests may be submitted on LILRC interlibrary loan forms which we
supply, and sent in by mail or by our driver. They may be placed by
teletype, using a format based on the LILRC request form. Urgent
requests may be placed by telephone.

We ask that you fill out the form as completely and as accurately as
possible, including author's full first name. Supply all the
information you have been able to elicit from your patron, as well as
all you have been able to glean from bibliographic sources to complete
the request. The more information you give us the more likely we are to
locate the material you need--and the more quickly.

Try to develop techniques for drawing from your reader as much as he
knows about the item he is seeking and the source of the citation. He
must have some reason for believing the item exists, and we should be
able to pass this information on to the potential lending library.


Verification

Check as far as possible to verify the accuracy of the information the
reader gives you. We trust that you will verify citations as completely
and as accurately as your resources will allow.

The ALA and NYSILL manuals (see Appendix A) both contain a listing of
standard bibliographic tools and sources of verification. Verification
sources not found in the standard lists should be cited in full.
Remember that reference tools and abbreviations familiar to you may not
be known to the librarian trying to fill the request. Please give full
citation of the source of verification, including date, volume, series,
and the page on which verification was found. That is, not just "NUC,"
but "NUC, 1968-72, 25:478." In a request for a periodical article, both
the title of the periodical and the location of the article should be
verified, and both sources of verification should be given.

If you cannot verify the item in a standard bibliographic tool, please
supply a complete citation to the source of reference, including
author's full name, publisher, date, and page of citation.

When libraries are unable to verify requests completely because their
bibliographic resources and staff are severely limited, we will _try_
to verify the information and to locate the item. If a request is
hopelessly inadequate, with vital information missing or with
incomprehensible abbreviations, we will return it for clarification.


OCLC verification

Please use caution when citing OCLC numbers as verification for
interlibrary loan requests. The Council office and most of the
libraries in our region do not have OCLC terminals. Include OCLC #,
author and title, place, publisher and date, and Nassau-Suffolk and
NYSILL locations where given. Be sure all information has been copied
correctly.


Data base verification

If an item is requested on the basis of a citation on a computer
printout, supply all information given and be sure to indicate which
data base was used, such as ERIC, Psych Abstracts, Compendex, BIOSIS,
etc.


Photocopying

The lending library may choose to supply photocopies of articles in
lieu of lending whole issues or volumes of serials. By mutual
agreement, libraries in our region generally absorb the costs of
photocopying articles, although there may be a charge for longer
articles. Libraries have usually found that by photocopying for each
other without charge they come out reasonably even and avoid the
expense and trouble of accounting and billing procedures.


Expenses

LILRC along among the 3R's Councils in the State has chosen to maintain
a low membership fee which is the same for all libraries. Our income is
supplemented by a system of charges and credits for completed
interlibrary loan transactions, so that libraries pay in proportion to
the use they make of our service. These charges are not related to the
cost of the service.

The borrowing library is charged a fee for each item it obtains through
LILRC. The lending library receives a credit (presently $1.00) equal to
one-half the charge (presently $2.00) for each item it supplies.
Libraries with collections from which we borrow heavily, paying for
teletype machines to receive our requests, may be given additional
credit if replies are transmitted promptly.




DIRECT ACCESS TO OTHER LIBRARIES


Both the Nassau Library System and the Suffolk Cooperative Library
System have policies of direct access, including borrowing privileges,
among the public libraries within their respective counties. A reader
may find another library convenient; remind him to check with his local
public library for details.

Other alternatives to interlibrary loan include:


Location service

It may be more practical for some readers to use books and periodicals
at the library which holds them rather than request them on
interlibrary loan. For periodicals, you may refer readers on the basis
of the _Nassau-Suffolk Union List of Serials_. Please check the list of
participating libraries in the front of volume 1 which notes some
limitations of public access to materials in certain libraries.

For monographs, call LILRC and ask for a check of a few libraries in
the microfilms of card catalogs to get locations for needed items.


Research Loan Program

Through this program, patrons of participating libraries have direct
access, including circulation privileges, to specific subject area
collections in other participating libraries. In lieu of numerous
interlibrary loan requests, libraries may wish to recommend their
readers take advantage of this program. The latest LILRC membership
list indicates libraries which have joined this program. Details are
available in all participating libraries and from LILRC.




INFORMATION NETWORK SERVICE-How it works


Requests are received daily from participating libraries by teletype
and on LILRC interlibrary loan forms by mail and delivery service. A
limited number of urgent requests may be received by telephone. All
requests are transcribed onto LILRC request forms if they have not
arrived on that form.

All requests are checked to make sure that all necessary bibliographic
information has been given. If a glaring error or omission can be
corrected easily, the INS clerk will do so and process the request. If
the error is not easily corrected, the request is returned to the
requesting library for clarification.

When a monograph request is received, the clerk checks the appropriate
catalogs in the data bank of library card catalogs in microfilm in the
LILRC office (or calls libraries for materials not listed in the
catalogs). For serials the clerk checks the _Nassau-Suffolk Union List
of Serials_ and other tools. When an item is located, the clerk calls,
teletypes a message, or sends a copy of the request to the prospective
lender to see if the item is actually available.

The INS staff tries to maintain a balance between locating the needed
items most efficiently and at the same time spreading the load so that
the larger libraries are not overburdened with requests and so that all
libraries are given a chance to build up credits.

Each time we check with a prospective lender, a notation is made on the
interlibrary loan form indicating the library's name and response. If
"yes," arrangements are made for pickup. If "no," the search goes on.
"Maybe" takes a little longer; although the item is in the catalog, the
shelf must be checked to see if the volume is available for loan or
photocopying.

When a loan is arranged, the clerk prepares the interlibrary loan forms
(still intact) for the driver. Having begun her run in the morning,
delivering books and copies picked up the previous day, the driver
returns to the LILRC office in the early afternoon with that day's
deliveries and pickups. The driver collects the day's batch of slips
and prepares her itinerary for the next day.

Copies of the interlibrary loan form are used as follows:

_Serials_                                             _Books_

white      Sent to lending library                     pink

yellow     Inserted into each book delivered           yellow
           to borrowing library or clipped
           to copy of article

pink      Filed by name of borrowing library           white
          in LILRC circulation file,
          used for statistics, then filed

gold     Returned to borrowing library with            gold
            bill unless retained by library
            before submitting request to LILRC

If an item is not located at a member library, the request is
considered for transmission to the State Library in Albany and the
NYSILL network or to the Regional Medical Library network. Certain
categories of requests may be submitted to the State Library but are
not normally eligible for transmission to NYSILL, such as: fiction,
text books, current publications and those in popular demand, rare
books, genealogy, children's books, multi-volume sets, reference books,
non-research books (self-help, recreation, etc.). Interlibrary loan
librarians should familiarize themselves with the NYSILL manual (see
Appendix A) so they will know what to expect when we send requests to
NYSILL for them.

Each day, the requests not located on Long Island are teletyped to the
State Library in Albany. If available, the book or copy will be sent
from the State Library or the library to which it has been referred,
directly to the requesting library whose name and address have been
coded into the NYSILL transmission format. Medically-oriented requests
are sent to the Regional Medical Library network via the Medical
Research Library in Brooklyn and may be sent to the requesting library
directly or via LILRC.

If the item is not available from any of these sources, a report is
teletyped to LILRC and we send it on to the requesting library.


Billing

Bills are sent quarterly unless a library asks that it be billed
monthly or semi-annually, or annually as part of the dues. The gold
copy (part 4) of the interlibrary loan form is included with the bill
unless a library retains it when initiating the request or indicates
the copy need not be returned.


Cancellations

Occasionally, libraries find it necessary to cancel a request. It is
understood that if the item is in the process of being supplied the
requesting library will be charged for the completed loan.


Delivery and pickup

The Council drivers stop at each library which has a pickup or delivery
to be made (public libraries send materials to LILRC via their
respective systems). While the drivers stop nearly every day at the
heaviest users, we do not know you have something for us unless you let
us know. If you are supplying a monograph or photocopy, or have a book
to return, _call and tell us_.


Microforms

INS tries to obtain needed items in a form usable in the borrowing
library. If the supplying library cannot produce a hard copy of a
microform it is lending, and if your library does not have an
appropriate reader, we will try to have a copy made (if there is an
additional charge you will be notified in advance) or tell you where
your patron can read or copy the material himself.


Photocopies of missing pages

Missing pages from monographs and serials may be requested in the usual
manner. For an additional fee, INS will try to obtain copies suitable
for binding, printed on both sides.


Recall

It is understood that the lending library may recall a book needed for
one of its own readers.


Renewals

Please request a renewal before the date due noted on the request form
or in the volume. For books received from LILRC member libraries, call
the LILRC office and give author, title, date due, library from which
borrowed. Renewals will usually be granted for two weeks from date due
unless a lending library has indicated otherwise.

Books received from the State Library or through NYSILL or the Regional
Medical Library must be renewed directly with the lending library, not
LILRC.


Returns

Books received from LILRC should be returned via our driver. Call and
let us know you have a book to be returned.

Books received from the State Library or through NYSILL or the Regional
Medical Library should _be mailed directly to the lending library_. The
book usually arrives with a return label. The package in which it comes
will give information regarding return address and insurance.


Status reports

Requests are processed and reports submitted to the requesting library
as rapidly as possible. It is not always possible to give an immediate
report on the status of an outstanding request in the process of being
searched at a member library. Please hold requests for status reports
to a minimum.




Guide to the use of LILRC Interlibrary Loan Request Forms


The number of interlibrary loan requests received by LILRC is steadily
increasing. In order to process the requests efficiently we ask that
requests be submitted either on the LILRC interlibrary loan request
form or via teletype.

Please do not send requests on lists or in other formats. Telephone
requests can be accepted only for a limited number of urgent requests.

Use the "book" request form for all monographs, reports, whole volumes
of proceedings, transactions, congresses, etc.

Use "serials" request form for all articles from periodicals, papers
from transactions, proceedings or congresses, and for chapters or other
sections of books.

Please use LILRC interlibrary loan request forms only for requests sent
to LILRC.




INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING SERIAL REQUEST


------------------------------------------------------------------------
DATE OF REQUEST: (1)  YOUR REQUEST #: (2) DEWEY NO.: (3)| LILRC USE ONLY
REQUESTING LIBRARY: (4) USER:  (5)                      |DATE DUE  (17)
                        STATUS:  (6)                    |---------------
SERIAL:  (7)                                            |NBELS  |NHEMH
                                                        |NBETG  |NHUHI
VOL./ISSUE:  (8)        DATE:  (9)        PAGES:  (10)  |NCSHB  |NHUI (16)
                                                        |NEAH   |NKIPM
AUTHOR:  (11)                                           |NEMMC  |NMELA
                                                        |NFARUA |NMON
TITLE OF ARTICLE:  (12)                                 |NGCA   |NNHPJ
                                                        |NGCCC  |NNOPOVA
VERIFICATION/        (13)                               |NGCE   |NOWNI
SOURCE OF REFERENCE:                                    |NGCG   |NOWU
--------------------------------------------------------|NGCNLS |NSBSU
  LONG ISLAND LIBRARY  |      LILRC USE ONLY            |NGLCM  |   -H
   RESOURCES COUNCIL   |                                |NGLCW  |NSELC
                       |TRANSMITTED:  (14)              |NGLH   |NSM
BOX 31, BELLPORT, N.Y. |                                |NGRNS  |NSOAS
      11713            |FINAL STATUS:  (15)             |NGVP   |NUPB
                       |                                |NHAPSA |NWEBE
  (516) 286-0400       |                                |---------------
                       |
SERIAL-1               |

PLEASE TYPE ALL INFORMATION

     1. _Date of request._ Fill in date you are submitting your
     request to LILRC.

     2. _Your request #._ Libraries submitting many interlibrary
     loan requests often number the requests consecutively each
     month. Thus, "10-59" would indicate the fifty-ninth request
     Library X submitted to LILRC during October. Libraries
     making fewer requests may number consecutively through the
     year or may choose to omit a number.

     3. _Dewey No._ Supply 3-digit Dewey number wherever known.
     This is necessary for requests submitted to NYSILL so they
     can be referred to appropriate subject referral library.
     Verification will often give Dewey number, usually supplied
     with LC cataloging in NUC and NST.

     4. _Requesting library._ Name of institution submitting
     request. Since delivery is through LILRC driver, full
     mailing address is not needed.

     5. Name of library _user_ for whom request is being made.
     Some libraries file pending requests by name of user. Also
     helpful in identifying request if there is a question while
     it is being processed.

     6. _Status._ Needed for determining eligibility of request
     for referral to NYSILL. Indicate student, faculty,
     professional, industry, or other.

     7. _Serial._ Name of periodical in which needed article
     appears. Give name of journal as it appears in the
     _Nassau-Suffolk Union list of Serials_, _Union List of
     Serials_ 3rd ed., _New Serials Titles_, or other standard
     bibliographic source. Do not use abbreviations. If not
     verified, give name of journal as fully as you have been
     able to find it.

     8. _Vol./issue._ Indicate volume number of periodical, and
     issue number if known. If serial has dates but no volume
     number, leave space blank.

     9. _Date_ of issue in which needed article appears.

     10. _Pages_ on which article appears. If complete pagination
     is not known, add "+" or "to end of article" after number of
     beginning page, so that the person copying the article will
     look for a continuation and not copy only the single page
     cited.

     11. _Author_ of article required, including first name(s).
     If more than one author, give full names of two, and
     indicate "and others."

     12. _Title_ of article requested.

     13. _Verification._ Please supply verification of both name
     of the journal and of the existence of the article in this
     issue of the journal cited. Standard sources for journals
     include union lists mentioned in #7 above. Articles can be
     verified in standard periodical indexes and abstracting
     services such as _Reader's Guide_, _Education Index_,
     _Psychological Abstracts_, _Engineering Index_, etc. Give
     full citation including volume, series, year/date, page,
     abstract number of verification. If request could not be
     verified, indicate sources checked.

     If not possible to verify, indicate _source of reference_,
     such as bibliography in monograph, review article, etc.
     Where did the requestor see this item _in print_? Include
     author, title, publisher and date or journal title and date,
     and page number on which citation is found. If it is more
     convenient, you may supply a photocopy of the cited
     reference.

     If impossible to verify or supply a source of reference,
     indicate "zz."

     _For LILRC use only_

     14. Records information regarding request forwarded to LILRC
     member or NYSILL or RML and awaiting response.

     15. Indicates whether item has been found and delivered or
     request cancelled.

     16. Checked to indicate by NUC symbol libraries believed to
     have needed item, on the basis of the _Nassau-Suffolk Union
     List of Serials_.

     17. Records date due of book to be returned. Left blank in
     cases where photocopy has been supplied; photocopy becomes
     the property of the user.




INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING BOOK REQUEST FORM


------------------------------------------------------------------------
DATE OF REQUEST: (1) YOUR REQUEST #: (2) DEWEY NO.: (3)| LILRC USE ONLY
REQUESTING LIBRARY: (4) USER:  (5)                     |DATE DUE  (16)
                        STATUS:  (6)                   |----------------
AUTHOR:  (7)                                           |NBELS  |NHEMH
                                                       |NBETG  |NHUHI
TITLE:  (8)                                            |NCSHB  |NHUI (15)
                                                       |NEAH   |NKIPM
PLACE:  (9)                                            |NEMMC  |NMELA
                                                       |NFARUA |NMON
PUBLISHER, DATE:                                       |NGCA   |NNHPJ
            (10) & (11)                                |NGCCC  |NNOPOVA
VERIFICATION/                                          |NGCE   |NOWNI
SOURCE OF REFERENCE:  (12)                             |NGCG   |NOWU
-------------------------------------------------------|NGCNLS |NSBSU
  LONG ISLAND LIBRARY  |      LILRC USE ONLY           |NGLCM  |   -H
   RESOURCES COUNCIL   |                               |NGLCW  |NSELC
                       |TRANSMITTED:  (13)             |NGLH   |NSM
BOX 31, BELLPORT, N.Y. |                               |NGRNS  |NSOAS
      11713            |FINAL STATUS:  (14)            |NGVP   |NUPB
                       |                               |NHAPSA |NWEBE
  (516) 286-0400       |                               |----------------
                       |
BOOK-1                 |

PLEASE TYPE ALL INFORMATION

     1. _Date of request._ Fill in date you are submitting your
     request to LILRC.

     2. _Your request #._ Libraries submitting many interlibrary
     loan requests often number the requests consecutively each
     month. Thus, "10-59" would indicate the fifty-ninth request
     Library X submitted to LILRC during October. Libraries
     making fewer requests may number consecutively through the
     year or may choose to omit a number.

     3. _Dewey No._ Supply three-digit Dewey number wherever
     known. This is necessary for requests submitted to NYSILL so
     they can be referred to appropriate subject referral
     libraries. Verification will often give Dewey number,
     usually supplied with LC cataloging in NUC and NST.

     4. _Requesting library._ Name of institution submitting
     request. Since delivery is through the LILRC driver, full
     mailing address is not needed.

     5. _User._ Name of library user for whom request is being
     made. Some libraries file pending requests by name of user.
     Also helpful in identifying request if there is a question
     while it is being processed.

     6. _Status._ Needed for determining eligibility of request
     for referral to NYSILL. Indicate student, faculty,
     professional, industry, or other.

     7. _Author._ Give full name of author of monograph. Give
     last name, followed by first name(s). Give full name
     wherever possible, not initials. If more than one author,
     give full names of two authors, and write "and others" if
     there are more. If author is a corporate body, give name as
     fully and accurately as possible.

     8. _Title._ Give full title of book. If title is excessively
     long, it may be shortened after giving first several words
     exactly and filling space allotted with remaining key words.

     9. _Place._ City of publication. }
         are acceptable.              }
                                      } Indicate in this space if other
     10. Name of _publisher._         } editions are acceptable.
                                      }
     11. _Date_ of publication.       }

     12. _Verification._ Please supply verification of all
     information given, particularly main entry. Preferred source
     is _National Union Catalog_, followed by CBI. _Books in
     Print_ is not an adequate verification since information
     there is often inaccurate or incomplete. Give full reference
     to volume, series, date, page of verification. If request
     could not be verified, indicate sources checked, as in: NUC
     1968-72-0; CBI 1971-0.

     If it is not possible to verify the author and title,
     indicate _sources of reference_ such as bibliography in a
     monograph, review article, etc. Where did the requestor see
     this item _in print_? Supply author, title, publisher and
     date or journal title and date, and page number on which
     citation is found. If it is more convenient you may supply a
     photocopy of the cited reference.

     If impossible to verify or supply a source of reference,
     indicate "zz."


     _For LILRC use only_

     13. Records information regarding request forwarded to LILRC
     member or NYSILL or RML and awaiting response.

     14. Indicates whether item has been found and delivered or
     request cancelled.

     15. Checked to indicate by NUC symbol libraries believed to
     have needed item, on the basis of the data bank of library
     card catalogs in microfilm or telephone confirmation.

     16. Records date due of book to be returned. Left blank in
     cases where photocopy has been supplied; photocopy becomes
     the property of the user.




How to be a good borrower:


     _Educate your readers._ Explain that some materials may not
     be available on interlibrary loan, that requests may take
     time to fill, that renewals may not always be granted.

     _Encourage_ your readers to take full notes of bibliographic
     sources and references, to supply all necessary data, to
     fill out a work sheet for each request.

     _Screen_ requests carefully. Eliminate requests for items
     that are too new, too popular, too inexpensive to process,
     too ephemeral.

     _VERIFY_ all citations.

     _Make sure_ your teletype messages and interlibrary loan
     forms are free from typographical errors.

     _Return_ materials promptly. If a renewal is necessary, ask
     for it before the date due. If a book is lost, notify the
     Council and pay the bill promptly. Your library is
     responsible for all books it borrows on interlibrary loan.
     Books received through NYSILL should be returned directly to
     the lending library, not to LILRC.

     _Limit_ the number of items you request on behalf of any
     reader at one time. Materials on a given subject should not
     be monopolized by one patron in the region, and deadlines
     and due dates must be honored.

     _Notify_ us when you have a book to be returned.




How to be a good lender:


     _Answer promptly_ and courteously when you receive a
     teletype message, telephone call or typed forms by mail or
     courier. The library you supply today may supply you
     tomorrow.

     _Reciprocity_ is the key word.

     Please say "_yes_" only when you are prepared to supply the
     photocopy or volume quickly. If you cannot fill a request,
     let us know promptly so that we may try to locate the item
     elsewhere. It is not fair to keep any library's patron
     waiting. A quick "No" is preferable to a drawn out "Maybe."

     _Notify_ us when you have an item ready for us to pick up.

     _Have items ready_ for pickup at the designated spot when
     the driver arrives.

     _Identify_ all photocopies with our request number (if
     given) and the title and issue of the journal from which
     they are made.




APPENDIX A

Useful tools for interlibrary loan:


New Jersey State Library. _Interlibrary loan, photocopy and reference
     procedures manual._
     Copies available upon request: New Jersey State Library,
     Interlibrary Reference and Loan Service, 185 W. State St.,
     Trenton, NJ 08625.

New York State Education Department. New York State Interlibrary Loan
     Network. NYSILL Manual, 1970.
     Copies available upon request: State Education Department,
     Division of Library Development, Albany, NY 12224.

Thomson, Sarah Katherine. _Interlibrary loan procedure manual._
     Chicago, ALA, 1970.
     May be ordered from ALA, 50 E. Huron St., Chicago, Ill.
     69601.




Appendix B

Sample worksheets for interlibrary loans


          Interlibrary Loan Book Request
                                               For library
                                               use only
Author: -----------------------------------   -------------
                                               Verified
Title: ------------------------------------

Publisher --------- Place & date ----------

Citation sources: -------------------------

      Author: -----------------------------   -------------
                                               Requested
      Title: ------------------------------

      Page -------------  Date ------------

-------------------------------------------

Name: ------------------------ Phone ------

Address: ----------------------------------

Not wanted after: ---------------

Date of request: ------- Accepted by ------

-----------------------------------------------------------
                                               For library
                  Periodical Request           use only
                                              -------------
                                               Verified

Periodical title: -------------------------

          Vol. ----- Date ----- Pages -----

Author: -----------------------------------   -------------
                                               Requested
Title: ------------------------------------

Abstracts or index used: ------------------

          Vol. ----- Date ----- Pages -----

Name: ----------------------- Phone -------

Address: ----------------------------------

Not wanted after: -------------------------

Date of request -------- Accepted by ------




       *       *       *       *       *

Transcriber's Notes

Page 7: Changed sumitting to submitting
  (before sumitting request to LILRC).

Page 11: Changed conscecutively to consecutively
  (may number conscecutively).

Page 14: Changed alloted to allotted
  (space alloted with remaining key words).

Page 14: Under 9. Place. City of publication,
  "are acceptable" may be a typo.








End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Long Island Library Resources
Council (LILRC) Interlibrary Loan Manual: January, 1976, by Anonymous

